c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\bin\Debug\Fitlife.exe.config
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\bin\Debug\Fitlife.exe
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\bin\Debug\Fitlife.pdb
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\Fitlife.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\AddEmployee.g.cs
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\AddFitnessClass.g.cs
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\AddFitnessGear.g.cs
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\AddPersonalTraining.g.cs
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\AddReview.g.cs
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\Fitlife_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\Fitlife_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\AddEmployee.baml
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\AddFitnessClass.baml
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\AddFitnessGear.baml
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\AddPersonalTraining.baml
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\AddReview.baml
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\Fitlife.g.resources
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\Fitlife.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\Fitlife.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\Fitlife.exe
c:\users\nastii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\Fitlife.pdb
C:\Users\NAstii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\ListReviews.g.cs
C:\Users\NAstii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\ListReviews.baml
C:\Users\NAstii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\ListEmployees.g.cs
C:\Users\NAstii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\ListFitnessClasses.g.cs
C:\Users\NAstii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\ListFitnessGear.g.cs
C:\Users\NAstii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\ListPersonalTraining.g.cs
C:\Users\NAstii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\ListEmployees.baml
C:\Users\NAstii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\ListFitnessClasses.baml
C:\Users\NAstii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\ListFitnessGear.baml
C:\Users\NAstii\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fitlife\Fitlife\obj\Debug\ListPersonalTraining.baml
